The files in this directory are the core of serafena:

dispatch  is the server. It may be renamed to "serafena", eventually.
It receives control through xinetd, as specified in the "signal" configuration
file a directory above. Its main job is to read the request and dispatch it to the
corresponding service. Those are the files with name beginning with service_.

dispatch can also signal, and does so with supporting all kinds of groups. groups can
be specified in different ways, and while a simple signal to request a service from a
single host is simple, supporting groups in its different ways is more involved. Hosts
which are not member of the serafena network (but know how to signal a single host) can
thereby benefit from the more involved signalling capability provided by any serafena host. 

Usually, all services (those service_* files) go into a directory on a host with a role of
"pool". service_pool gives the needed capabilities to that host. Those are, essentially,
being able to deliver those services for installation on hosts which ask for them. hosts
can also ask to check services available on pool for updates, and have the updated services
delivered to them. Updating a service on all serafena host would then consist of these steps:
- put new version(s) of service(s) on pool
- ask all hosts to update against pool
only the services which are actually installed on a host are those being transferred.

A file, named after the service it provides, can offer additional services, through a mechanism
called "facettes". The wiki has more about facettes in the [Terms and Concepts] (https://github.com/Bushmills/serafena/wiki/Terms-and-Concepts) section.

service_update and service_pool are no good pool candidates, because
they may get overwritten by themselved, while they're executed, when a new version is found.
The outcome is usually execution errors, or truncated files. That is why services pool and update
are exempted from getting updated, by clearing the execute permission bit on those file.
Only services with the execute permission set are considered updateable.
